Hello dear friends with you Larin
and today I want to share with you
a little secret how to offer kids
cottage cheese and yogurt
if they don't want to eat them separately
I mean this case
we give the city along with the four times
or three teaspoon cottage cheese
cottage cheese which I already previous
video when how to do it and home
yogurt is also Catherine which is also
recipe you will find the following videos
higher depending on which one
number of times go you can add
just about fruit i have it
about half a jar is a hundred grams
twenty because for 1 ma baby
can eat and grams 250
if your child is already smaller than fruit
can put less
the trace is thoroughly mixed fool was
catch a blender
so it's good odds you
it turned out such a mass of their paint
but the dough itself is to add to
yogurt must be slightly sad
anyone with milk porridge I'm in it
case I use kazhimost I help to 8
cereals
you can pick up any other
you'll be convenient to how
sold we need fruit from
cottage cheese heated to temperature
about 40 degrees
according to the old well, so I warmed our mix
cool curd 1 wave so now she
lukewarm and we add a couple of these but
your spoons
porridge firstly let it be a little
stronger and thicker so that the child has everything
it is not dripping from a spoon of dependence
how much liquid fruit do you have
need a different amount of porridge
do a little bit thicker than you want
suggest a group to
adding yogurt and kefirchik was not
too liquid now we add here
our its former me somewhere 70 grams can be
50 it was not a jar of 50 grams of it all
mix well wanted
warn that likes to be sure
is added at the very end and because
if you put it in the microwave
then all the bacteria can just share
here is my little secret miracle pudding
ready and the child from him will not be able to firmly
seem my sweetie yummy
and very useful if you eat and cottage cheese and
for bush and fruit
bon appetit and your health
must